This archive contains eight files:

README

  This file.

subcat_inventory.xml

  Descriptions of each SCF defined in the Rasp inventory.  Includes mappings
  to LingoERG, ANLT, TSG, XTAG and COMLEX inventories, where available, as 
  well as an example sentence with the relevant grammatical relations.

best_mapping.txt

  Mapping from each BioLexicon frame that occurs for the target verbs to its
  linguist-determined best match among the Rasp frames.

inclusive_mapping.txt

  Supersets of Rasp frames such that both the Rasp and BioLexicon systems can
  fully distinguish them.

lexicon_relative_frequency.txt

  A subcategorization frame lexicon for 4,857 verbs, built from the OpenPMC
  corpus of biomedical text, filtered using a simple relative frequency
  cutoff of 0.03.  Each line consists of four fields: a verb lemma, SCF
  frame number, relative frequency (of the frame for the verb) and absolute
  count.  The frame numbers correspond to those in subcat_inventory.xml.

lexicon_scf_specific_frequency.txt

  A subcategorization frame lexicon for 4,857 verbs, built from the OpenPMC
  corpus of biomedical text, filtered using the optimal SCF-specific method
  from the article.  The format is identical to lexicon_relative_frequency.txt.

annotations.xml

  Biomedical sentences annotated using two definitions of subcategorization: 
  syntactic and semantic.  The format is XML with top-level "verb" elements 
  for each unique verb.  These elements in turn contain "instance" elements,
  which contain the text in question, and some number of annotations.  An 
  annotation has six fields, any combination of which may be blank (e.g. if
  an instance is invalid, the annotator was unsure, etc).

create_gold_standard.py

  This utility creates a RASP-style subcategorization gold standard file from
  raw annotated data.  It can limit the result to particular annotators, verbs,
  or just verbs above a particular threshold.  It also performs some mapping
  between frames needed due to idiosyncrasies in the inventories.
